Even though the stigma around mental health and treatment has shifted in
recent years, people still hesitate to seek help or even talk about it with
their loved ones.
Fear of judgment and backlash often stop people from reaching out and
seeking the help they need.
According to Medline Plus, some common types of mental disorders can include
anxiety disorders, depression, eating disorders, personality disorder,
posttraumatic stress disorder, and psychotic disorder.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more than one
in five US
Adults live with a mental illness.
Over one in five youth ages 13 to 18 currently or at some point in their
life have had a seriously debilitating mental illness.
About one in 25 US
adults live with a serious mental illness such as schizophrenia, bipolar
disorder, or major depression.
Mental illnesses are among the most common health conditions in the United
States. Mental Health Awareness Month provides a reminder that mental health
is essential and that those living with mental health issues deserve care,
understanding, compassion, and pathways to hope, healing, recovery, and
fulfillment. This month, let's take care of ourselves, take care of our
loved ones, and continue to have conversations about mental health.